Minor: Rephrase MSRV policy to be more explanatory (#13668)
apache/datafusion: README.md

## Rust Version Compatibility Policy

The Rust toolchain releases are tracked at [Rust Versions](https://releases.rs) and follow
[semantic versioning](https://semver.org/). A Rust toolchain release can be identified
by a version string like `1.80.0`, or more generally `major.minor.patch`.

> The Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV) policy defines the MSRV as the earliest stable Rust version released either
> within the last four months or from the last four stable [Rust releases](https://releases.rs), whichever has the older release date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataFusion's supports the last 4 stable Rust minor versions released and any such versions released within the last 4 months. 
```

For example, given the releases `1.78.0`, `1.79.0`, `1.80.0`, `1.80.1` and `1.81.0` DataFusion will support 1.78.0, which is 3 minor versions prior to the most minor recent `1.81`.

> Note: If a Rust hotfix is released for the currently supported Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV), the MSRV will be updated to the specific minor version that includes all applicable hotfixes. This adjustment will apply even if the release of the hotfix occurs earlier the stipulated four-month support window for a given Rust version.

Reviewer 2: "earlier than"? or maybe actually "later than the start of"?

Author: right, this relative time algebra explodes my brain

Reviewer 2: Me too. I can take a stab at proposing some wording

Author: Just updated, PTAL

> Note: If a Rust hotfix is released for the currently supported Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV), the MSRV will be updated to the specific minor version that includes all applicable hotfixes. This adjustment will apply even if the release of the hotfix occurs earlier the stipulated four-month support window for a given Rust version.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: If a Rust hotfix is released for the currently supported Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV), the MSRV will be updated to the specific minor version that includes all applicable hotfixes. This adjustment will apply even if the release of the hotfix occurs later than the start of stipulated four-month support window for a given Rust version.
```
